Update Rails Internationalization (I18n) API Guide [ci skip] (#39296)
rails/rails: guides/source/i18n.md

The I18n library will use **English** as a **default locale**, i.e. if a different locale is not set, `:en` will be used for looking up translations.

> NOTE: The i18n library takes a **pragmatic approach** to locale keys (after [some discussion](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/rails-i18n/FN7eLH2-lHA)), including only the _locale_ ("language") part, like `:en`, `:pl`, not the _region_ part, like `'en-US'` or `'en-GB'`, which are traditionally used for separating "languages" and "regional setting" or "dialects". Many international applications use only the "language" element of a locale such as `:cs`, `:th`, or `:es` (for Czech, Thai, and Spanish). However, there are also regional differences within different language groups that may be important. For instance, in the `'en-US'` locale you would have $ as a currency symbol, while in `'en-GB'`, you would have £. Nothing stops you from separating regional and other settings in this way: you just have to provide full "English - United Kingdom" locale in a `'en-GB'` dictionary.

Reviewer: Symbols can be written with dashes, but they must be quoted (e.g. `:"en-US"`), so thank you for fixing this!

It looks like `I18n.locale=` actually symbolizes its value:

```ruby
I18n.locale = "en-US"
I18n.locale  # == :"en-US"
I18n.locale.class  # == Symbol
```

So what do you think about this instead:

```suggestion
NOTE: The i18n library takes a **pragmatic approach** to locale keys (after [some discussion](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/rails-i18n/FN7eLH2-lHA)), including only the _locale_ ("language") part, like `:en`, `:pl`, not the _region_ part, like `:"en-US"` or `:"en-GB"`, which are traditionally used for separating "languages" and "regional setting" or "dialects". Many international applications use only the "language" element of a locale such as `:cs`, `:th`, or `:es` (for Czech, Thai, and Spanish). However, there are also regional differences within different language groups that may be important. For instance, in the `:"en-US"` locale you would have $ as a currency symbol, while in `:"en-GB"`, you would have £. Nothing stops you from separating regional and other settings in this way: you just have to provide full "English - United Kingdom" locale in a `:"en-GB"` dictionary.
```
